docs: JWT Authorization for intentions (#17643)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/intentions/jwt-authorization.mdx

1. **Create or update a service intentions configuration entry to reference the JWT provider**. This configuration invokes the name of the `jwt-provider` configuration entry you created, which causes the Envoy proxy to verify the token and the permissions it authorizes before the incoming request is accepted. Then, write the `service-intentions` configuration entry that references the JWT to Consul. The ACL policy requirement to read and modify this configuration entry is `mesh:write`.

### Wildcards and intention defaults

Because intentions without tokens are authorized when they arrive at the destination proxy, a [common pattern for the service-intentions configuration entry](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-intentions#l4-intentions-for-all-destinations) sets the entry’s `Name` field as a wildcard, `*`. This pattern enables you to apply incoming requests from specific services to every service in the datacenter.

> When configuring your deployment to enforce service intentions with JSON Web Tokens, it is possible for multiple tokens with different permissions to apply to a single service’s incoming request based on attributes such as HTTP path or the request method. Because the `service-intentions` configuration entry applies the intention that is the most exact match for the request, using the `Name` wildcard with specific JWT authorization configurations can lead to unintended results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring your deployment to enforce service intentions with JSON Web Tokens, it is possible for multiple tokens with different permissions to apply to a single service’s incoming request based on attributes such as HTTP path or the request method. Because the `service-intentions` configuration entry applies the intention that most closely matches the request, using the `Name` wildcard with specific JWT authorization configurations can lead to unintended results.
```

When you set the `JWT{}.Providers` field in a service intentions configuration entry to the wildcard `*`, you can configure default behavior for all services that present a token that matches an existing JWT provider configuration entry. In this configuration, services that have a valid token but do not have a more specific matching intention default to the behavior defined in the wildcard intention.

## Usage

To configure Envoy proxies in the service mesh to validate JWTs before forwarding requests to servers, complete the following steps:

### Create a JWT provider configuration entry

The `jwt-provider` configuration requires the following fields:

- `Kind`: This field must be set to `"jwt-provider"`
- `Name`: We recommend naming the configuration file after the JWT provider used in the configuration.
- `Issuer`: This field must match the token's `iss` claim

> You must also specify a JSON Web Key Set in the `JWKS` field. You can specify the JWKS as one of the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must also specify a JSON Web Key Set in the `JSONWebKeySet` field. You can specify the JWKS as one of the following:
```

- A local string
- A path to a local file
- A remote location specified with a URI

A JWKS can be made available locally or remotely, but not both. In addition, a local JWKS must be specified as either a string or a path to the file containing the token.

You can also specify where the JWT is located, a retry policy, and text to append to the header when forwarding the request after token validation.

The following example configures Consul to fetch a JSON Web Token issued by Okta. Consul fetches the token from the URI and keeps it in its cache for 30 minutes before the token expires. After validation, the token is forwarded to the backend with `user-token` appended to the HTTP header.

```hcl
Kind = "jwt-provider"
Name = "okta"

Issuer = "okta"

JWKS = {
    Remote = {

>         URI = "https://dev-850216.okta.com/oauth2/default/v1/keys"

Reviewer 3: We should change this URI to an example URI. Maybe `https://<example>.okta.com/oauth2/default/v1/keys`?  (This "dev" URI is actually a real okta URI from some test account, but I'm not sure where it came from). Users will need to insert a specific URI for their account in their identity provider (Okta, Auth0, etc)
